Data Types:
Numeric-Int-numbers
Float-decimal
Complex-imaginary value used in machine learning and deep learning
Sequence-String-Is a collection of characters enclosed within single or double quotes.
string properties:1. string is a immutable we cannot change with in its object reference
2.string allows duplicates
3.string is a ordered collection
List-collection of elements enclosed between a []
List Properties: 1.List is mutable we can change within its own object reference.
2. List allow duplicates.
3. Dynamically sized.
4. List is a heterogenous collection of elements
5. List is a ordered collection
Tuple- collection of elements enclosed within ()
Tuple properties: 1. Tuple is immutable 
2. fixed Sized
3. allows duplicates
4. ordered
5. heterogenous
Mapping data types-Set
Set-is a collection of elements enclosed within {}
Set properties: 1. set is a mutable data type
2. does not allow duplicates
3. dynamically Sized
4. heterogenous collection
5. unordered
Dictionary- is a collection of key-value pairs enclosed within a {}
dictionary properties: 1. ordered
2. dynamically sized
3. mutable
4. heterogenous
Frozen Set-is a immutable collection of elements(same as set)
Boolean-either true or false
None-used to create an empty data type
Type conversion: how to convert from one data type to another data type
we can change only mutable data types.
--Integer can be converted into float, string, complex, Boolean.
--Float can be converted into int, complex, string, Boolean.
--complex can be converted into string, Boolean.
--string to int, float, complex can be converted only when int values are there
--string can be converted to Boolean, list, tuple, set.
--list can be converted into string, tuple, Boolean, set.
--tuple can be converted to Boolean, string, set, list
--set can be converted to string, Boolean, list, tuple.
--dictionary can be converted to string, Boolean, list, tuple, set(only will get keys in list, tuple, set)
--Boolean can be converted into int, float, complex
 



